TLC5940

Texas Instruments TLC5940
The TLC5940 is a 16 channel PWM unit with 12 bit duty cycle control (0 - 4095), 6 bit current limit control (0 - 63), and a daisy chainable serial interface. It is handy for expanding the number of PWM outputs available. The datasheet is available at http://www.ti.com/lit/gpn/tlc5940.

RGB LEDs, you should purchase LEDs with common anode


Montaje con 16 LEDs

https://web.archive.org/web/20150824204120if_/http://tlc5940arduino.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/breadboard-arduino-tlc5940.png

Servos

The library can (as of r8) drive servos off the PWM channels. This means you can drive up to 16 servos at once, as well as use any spare channels for your other PWM needs! See File→Sketchbook→Examples→Library-Tlc5940→Servos for an example.

Servos

Hobby servos are driven by short, high, pulses every 10-40ms. The constants have been chosen in the following sample code to allow you to drive servos as well as LEDs or motors. Because the servos use high pulses and the TLC5940 is active low on the outputs the useful servo values are all at the upper end.

3993, 0xf99: 500 microseconds
3584, 0xe00: 1500 microseconds
3168, 0xc60: 2500 microsecond


¿Librería TLC5940?


The link may not work correctly, so... Usage: Tlc.init(); Tlc.clear(); sets all the grayscale values to zero, but does not send them to the TLCs. To actually send the data, call Tlc.update() Tlc.update(); updates all pins Tlc.set(channel, value); channel is pin number. As of December 7, 2011, pin number just keeps going up as you go to more and more daisy-chained chips. So, if you have two chips, and you want to talk to the last pin on the second chip, you address it to channel 32. Like so: Tlc.set(32, x); x can be from zero to 4095. It appears that you have to tell the library how many chips you are using.
